Hello everyone in this video, I will show that
they give us a compendium for gold which
we get for testing
which one item and set don't give
the whole set is 1000 gold
one item 100
but gold is mined for testing
trials
all three different types every 1 time in 5
days you can change them
Well, in principle, everything is easy, we need more
win not only complete each
task but also in this speech so that your
the team won I scored 1226 gold and
Today I will open one item for 100
gold and a thousand
gold worth a set
see if items can be transferred
what rank will they be and morocco y ellen
ordinary equal or common communard
well let's start with the ordinary subject
yes equal helmet for sniper our rar
tape for the sniper and see how not
set that is, such march nicks are ordinary
clothes include a set and a thousand coins
yes the usual set of clinks
see if you can sell it
let's look first at the sniper
no it can not be transferred as we see
just donate
also own with this will rather
just now find this set
that is, nothing so special is simple
clothes for themselves, many hoped that
it will be possible to nabuzit
sell them then buy something more
worth it but no everything is left only with you
can only give so do not see bright
the light on the clinks will actually be
here it cannot be transmitted only
donate and open your own
sealed like that
see for yourself can be something further
add more interesting than just these
here are things Murza these coins can be
what are you worth buying i'm here's more here
it will not take these gardens are not, in principle,
I must therefore save and I will
see what happens next
only there the second week went compendium
there will be many more and I add
something more interesting to add that's it
Thank you all for watching
liked it i will be glad to see like bye
until